how friends of youtube today teaches them
to play reik's winter these songs
of those old ladies but that is super
good to dedicate to someone special already
you know we have video demonstration of
this side and letter of chords in
christian dotcom down here in the
information I leave the link so
ok let's start perfect nation
standard and field in the fourth fret if
they do not have field with a pencil and back in
strong strong reality that fits well
strong girls how we started
perfect let's start first with
stanza and the intro that is exactly
even this is repeated in the stanzas
let's use chords with fifth
check yourself in the case of the most we are going to
play now well two strings that would be
fifth and fourth with the number one finger
we play on the second second string
fret and they are pure taps down
computer but in my other one we recharge this
part of the hand at the beginning almost of the
ropes
ok not here because it does not sound
to be almost at the beginning there
then we will use a falcon
fifth also nothing more than two ropes
chicken seal like I do to have a
little more comfort then with video
number one and with my finger number four
they can also do it with the three me
here I do it sixth string first fret
and 5th string third fret can
do as I say or with your finger
number four
ok I prefer to do it with 4 for
have a little more open hand more
Loose after we're going to do a do with
fifth
this if we have to do it with our finger
number 1 and with the 4 hour I explain them
because we play fifth string third
fret and fourth string fifth fret
then here we leave this finger
here the little one and we cross the finger
number one nothing but a fret to the second
okay it would be second fret fifth string
this is a sun with a pat down itself
ok and nothing else are pure blows to
down is not going to be very slow so that what
go rehearsing 321 swims down
taps change we repeat change
perfect change let's start with the
first verse and today is teaching them the
part of the 321 choir
we repeated fa did not change
there the choir immediately enters
this we are going to use
my minor
Bah
and the smaller the fast is the tun tun
dantán chucu we have used it a lot tun
you down below down so up and up
bottom up
slower
and we make the change we are going to do it with
each chord 3 2 1
so so
Y
and so much
so so
perfect now we are going to do it with the
choir does not realize that we stay
for the last part of stanza
the least
avoid
ok takes many nuances as well as for
do it like you're missing here in the
awards and when I get to the choir it's the
ponchis all the and in the song ok I'm going to
do a little bit slower if not
they checked the change because here after
we pass network and it is a change nothing more
fast 2 sun ok or be again slower
3 2 1
we came
my minor
again going has the hook that told them
re minor
a sun
of melo
we ended up in perfect winter
we have all the rhythms and all the
chords and now more is a matter of which
check now if the letter in my
page has some variants in some
dating parties but so not
confuse them learn to be first well
well well the rhythms that the
song the hair and the strum and already
then they consult well the letter with the
demo video so that they would learn to
perfection you already know that if you have doubts
comment do not forget to like the video
and subscribe to my channel so that
form videos that go up to them
that comes directly to your email
it would be all for today take care